Fix issue with `dart_foo` extension configuration (#7600)
flutter/devtools: packages/devtools_extensions/CHANGELOG.md

## 0.2.0-dev.0
* Bump `devtools_shared` dependency to `^9.0.1`.

> * Fix an error in the `dart_foo` extension example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix file locations in the `dart_foo` extension example.
```
nit: error might be a bit strong wording in this instance
